Well come in in this section we're going to be looking at how we can connect javascript to our age to
male elements.
And we're going to accomplish this by using the dorm.
And what that dorm is is essentially is the document object model and it outputs the entire contents
of your HMO page as nodes within an object like structure and in order to see that on.
So I'm just doing right now is collect on selecting the document object and I'm listening.
So we saw earlier in that we were using console log.
We could also use console Diyar to output a directory.
So when I refresh it I get this object here that's sitting with my console and I open that up and it
contains a whole lot of information.
We can see we've got that you are out of the Web site.
We've got them base you are on.
So in this case it's the same.
We even got character sets.
We've got information about cookies.
And then we've also got that document type and we've got even more information so we've got basically
all of the information that's contained within each HTML page.
And it's like a map of your web page.
And what this does is this allows us to connect and manipulate different parts of our web page using
javascript
and there is a whole lot we can do with using javascript and picking up information from the dawn.
It allows us to interact with each to melt content and make use of the content that we've got here within
our age to melt.
So if I was to create a different if I refresh it for that particular div is now reflected with the
on and we see here that all the East Tummo collections we've got our H-2 mail time starting at the top
that we've got a head that's one that we encounter is title than body and then div and then script and
all of that information is put here and accessible via the dome.
And this is all delivered and rendered.
Built up by the browser.
So what's happening here is that the browser is accessing the H-2 Mel page.
It's reading through the contents of each page and then rendering it and building up this model of what's
available on your page.
So this was all created by the browser and every time the page loads it builds out all of this information
which of course is then accessible and usable by Javascript.
So what I want you to do now is to open up the console in your browser and simply type in the console
and you can do this on any web page.
So console Dionte and then select that document object and then close off the parentheses.
And that's so you can get information as to contain what's contained on the page.
And this is again available on any web page.
So open up the console and right now on the Google Chrome dev tools page into console console directory
and document.
So that's the first statement that we need to enter in.
And now you can see that I've got all of the information that's contained here.
I can get the URL I can get all of the elements.
There's quite a lot of elements on this page so I access and they're all built with him dorm.
I've got all of the body information.
I've got all of the page information.
I've even got over here when we go down further we can see all of the listeners that have been set up
within the page.
So all of those are listed as well.
And we really make use of those with javascript and we can treat this entire document just as if it
was any other object.
And we can traverse through picking up information that's contained within here and making use of it
within our javascript so open that up right now within your console.
Try it out and take a look at the web page that you're on and pick up some key information and then
the next lesson I'm going to show you a poll and bring that into javascript's.
So that's coming up.